Hello Everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
You all love my voice, right?
Hmm...? Hmm... Hmm... Of course you do.
I love it too ♥
With that being said...
... Today planned something to use my beautiful voice.
"Kizuna Ai will turn into a voice actress!!"
And having said that, let's start now!
... Today I'll use this app that lets people turn into voice actors...
... It's called "SAY-U"
Oohh... I see...
I have to choose one of these official plays, right?
There are so many of them, aren't there?
Hmm...
Which one should I pick?
Doesn't this one look like a sponsored program?
No, this is not a sponsored program!
An app is not the same thing as a sponsored program, right?
Aaaaahhh!
Even when it isn't a sponsored program...
... The fact that it's telling me that an app is an sponsored program...
Ah!
This one!
If we talk about androids, this is related with I.A.s
And if we talk about high school students...
... We are talking about girls that are around 16 years old, maybe?
That means it is ideal for me.
I'll pick this one! This one!
In that case, let's start with "The android and the high school student"!
*Making breadstick noises*
"The android and..."
"Rocket Fist"
*Sleeping Android*
... Uuhhhh...
"Shut up, I can't sleep."
"Sigh"
"It's because you're very noisy."
"Of course I'll get mad if you interrupt me when I'm sleeping."
"..."
"Eh? Are you the one who created me?"
"I wish I was born next to someone more intelligent than you."
"... The high school student!"
*Making high school student voices*
"Hum, hum... Finally..."
"I'm finally done with it!"
"My android a female type one!"
"I'll call you 'A.I.003'!!"
"Oh, man. It's unbelievable, a student that is about to start high school just made the invention of the century!"
"I'm definitely an amazing genius! Hahahaha!"
"UGH!"
"Why do you think you're doing so suddenly!!"
"But still, you don't have a reason to use the Rocket Fist so soon!"
"Don't you think that you shouldn't use violence against your creator?!"
"That's right."
"I, the genius scientific, after working so hard for a whole year..."
"WH-WHAT?"
Alright!
I'm done recording the voices.
Well, in that case, do you wanna listen to my debut as a voice actress?
Let's do it!
Hoi! Hmm...?
*Record playing*
"The android and..."
"... The high school student!"
"Rocket Fist"
The sound is too low!
"Hum, hum... Finally..."
"I'm finally done with it!"
Th-the sound is so low, don't you think so?
*Yukiko Fujimura (16 years)*
"My android a female type one!"
"I'll call you 'A.I.003'!!"
You all can tell that that's my voice, right?
"..."
"Oh, man. It's unbelievable, a student that is about to start high school just made the invention of the century!"
That's definitely my voice, isn't it?
"I'm definitely an amazing genius! Hahahaha!"
Alright...!
I'm a genius as well.
You can see that I'm a genius in all of my characters.
"UGH!"
It seems painful.
"Shut up, I can't sleep."
Oh!
Ooohh?
"Sigh"
The android's voice...
... It's too low, isn't it?
"What do you think you're doing so suddenly!!"
"It's because you're very noisy."
You can't listen to it, can you?
"Of course I'll get mad if you interrupt me when I'm sleeping."
Definitely, when I did the student's voice...
"But still, you don't have a reason to use the Rocket Fist so soon!"
... I finally did it as I was supposed to do it, right?
"Don't you think that you shouldn't use violence against your creator?!"
"..."
"Eh? Are you the one who crea...?"
Ah, it cut out...
"That's right."
Definitely, the voice actors should...
"I, the genius scientific, after working so hard for a whole year..."
... Work within the available time.
It's hard, isn't it?
"I wish I was born next to someone more intelligent than you."
That's an annoying line, isn't it?
"WH-WHAT?"
Definitely...
... That's me.
No, but, don't you think that...?
... I did pretty good even when it was my first time?
Oh, man. I'm definitely a genius.
I see, I see.
I.A.s are pretty cool, aren't they?
But, but...
... Voice actors have to do a lot of different characters and, just as it happened to me...
... They have to make sure not to over extend a lot, they're amazing, aren't they?
I wonder if I can do it correctly.
I'll take this chance to make another play.
I'll make another one related with androids. Here it is!
♪ Tiríin! ♪
"My android is a NEET"
Oh, man. A NEET. That's great, isn't it?
If I had to talk about me... I think I'd die if I never worked, but...
I was a NEET for about a month...
Ah, I don't want to be banned again.
It was because of the ban that I became a NEET.
Alright.
Let's do this!
*Making Dr. Okazaki's voice*
"My android is a NEET"
"Kaka, you're a high class android and you don't even help us. All you do is just wasting your time."
"You have the ideal structure to be an assistant android, can you at least give me my tools?"
"If you can't do that, then you're worst than the lowest class android!"
"Eeeh? Really? In that case, I'm counting on you."
"Kaka, the screwdriver."
"AAAHHHHHHH!"
*Making the android's voice*
"What did you say?"
"Doctor, there's certain limit to taunt me..."
"... Of course that I can give you your tools."
Alright, in that case...!
Do you wanna listen to it?
Hoi!
*Record playing*
"My android is a NEET"
As a matter of fact, if an android becomes a NEET, it ends up being completely useless, right?
"Kaka, you're a high class android and you don't even help us. All you do is just wasting your time."
"You have the ideal structure to be an assistant android, can you at least give me my tools?"
Watch carefully.
"If you can't do that, then you're worst than the lowest class android!"
"What did you say?"
Hahaha!
"Doctor, there's certain limit to taunt me..."
"... Of course that I can give you your tools."
"Eeeh? Really? In that case, I'm counting on you."
This...
Hurts, doesn't it?
"Kaka, the screwdriver."
It goes through both extremes.
"AAAHHHHHHH!"
My scream is so bad!!
A.I.Channel!
Hmm... So yeah...
I took the chance to do it with a different situation.
*Playing a different version*
"My android is a NEET!"
It's amazing, isn't it?
"Kaka, you're a high class android and you don't even help us. All you do is just wasting your time."
I put all my soul there, right?
"You have the ideal structure to be an assistant..."
"YEEEEEEEE!"
I got tongue-tied! I got tongue-tied!
"If you can't do that, then you're worst than the lowest class android!"
"What did you say?"
In what kind of world are they living?
"Doctor, there's certain limit to taunt me..."
"... Of course that I can give you your tools."
What kind of world is that one?
"Yaaay??"
Yaay? *Laughs*
"Really? In that case, I'm counting on you."
No Yaay!
"¡Kaka, the screeeewdriiiiiiveeeer!"
It gives the drawing a feeling of excitement!
"AAAAAAHHHH!"
"JUSTICE!"
That's a line for Sunshine Ikezaki-san, isn't it?
(A Japanese comedian)
That was perfect.
Alright! With that being said...
I tried to do voices from different characters!
How was it?
Oh, man. I hope that a lot of important businessmen watch this video...
... And they decide to hire me, I'm pretty sure that they did.
Alright, with that being said!
I'll be waiting for your messages!!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai! See you soon!